JS: add support for the `chokidar` library (#6135)
github/codeql: javascript/change-notes/2021-06-22-chokidar.md

lgtm,codescanning

> * Support for `chokidar` has improved. The `js/tainted-path` query recognized calls to `chokidar.watch`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for `chokidar` has improved. The `js/tainted-path` query now recognizes calls to `chokidar.watch`, 
```
